stop lupillo to nokia I do not get it now
the loud applause please
she does not listen father
when what can the singer be
call the vote
my name is I like it more than anything
plus
it's so sure you do not call me it's your
name with which you like Juan Gual
uci is tired of alice
yes to you what do you think alicia the loop
lopez more like he's already big and
came out the mustache and the little one
introduce yourself as you like more with
you the famous there was no more
a boy from the band of the bend and
You arrived
before I know you all sad without light
it was my cold nights a gram more and see
that reached my heart
being all
motivates me to love you with your love
tenderness
my life
lifetime
mine comes
you arrive
sweet from a native land
with you until a sweet dream full of
inclusion and today I want
it's just my life
the court is called
there are no llamas you know I like it a lot
what you do but I want to see it in
another gender we love in
this genre but if we are going to start
mount other songs like
see me something that you would like me to rock that
be a rocker thank you thank you teacher
Like me I like you very much
efe
I love your name encantas me your
sometimes your gender but let's listen
another ok and I know it will work out very well
I think this genre is perfect for you
has the shading well stayed at
start to hear
you do it very well everything you do very much in
the scenario even though you missed the
voice and take over the stage and it's
for your name for the rest
for wang for my dear equal equal or
must be overcome and for the next is
I want to see you dance too
you have an oval that says favorite
conceivably love I love your energy
and I love that you say you're a
famous jaguar
louis and you came
direct you already have 3 you saw but before
you leave, I want you to tell me about
a person who loves himself is much much
he lives in a place called
Maryland
the
Grandpa
a long time ago I would like to see it
It will be something incredible because it flips
left because of course it's kiko
granny
from far away from my mind
it comes to give you that surprise and
He also brings you a gift with all his
love
lady come here I know it is also
a great big surprise for you
How long ago you did not see your
father
in four years and of course here
in the academy titled what we want
is that you golden enjoy yourself
the surprise yes yes give him a kiss very
strong and a very strong hug you
grandpa who brought him the gift and also
it brought you the surprise that is here
with you who was watching you
You sang tonight that you had a great
night I get it
and sergio grandson and gives his grandson
I love him very much and he will be very
great and I bring you this gift of
grandmother usa and everyone
the united states that are also us
seeing all the people over there and to
I am a taste that he is receiving
our surprise and that the family
gather again is a total joy to
everyone to celebrate as not to embrace
kiss each other